add THREADING_LAYER_PRIORITY & NUMBA_THREADING_LAYER_PRIORITY (#7234)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/envvars.rst

   * ``tbb`` - A threading layer backed by Intel TBB.
   * ``omp`` - A threading layer backed by OpenMP.
   * ``workqueue`` - A simple built-in work-sharing task scheduler.

>    .. envvar:: NUMBA_THREADING_LAYER_PRIORITY

Reviewer: I think it needs to be as suggested, the indent is part of the mark up. You can preview the doc build under the "Checks" drop down at the bottom of the page. For ease, the current build looks like this: https://numba--7234.org.readthedocs.build/en/7234/reference/envvars.html#envvar-NUMBA_THREADING_LAYER_PRIORITY
i.e. the document renders strangely.

>    This environment variable controls the priority of searching for
>    library used for concurrent execution
>    for the CPU parallel targets (``@vectorize(target='parallel')``,
>    ``@guvectorize(target='parallel')``  and ``@njit(parallel=True)``). The
>    variable type is string and by default is ``tbb omp workqueue`` which
>    prioritize the order of searching
>    threading layer based on what is available in the runtime. The valid values
>    are any permutation of the 3 choices (for more information about these see
>    :ref:`the threading layer documentation <numba-threading-layer>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This environment variable controls the order in which the libraries used for
   concurrent execution, for the CPU parallel targets
   (``@vectorize(target='parallel')``, ``@guvectorize(target='parallel')``
   and ``@njit(parallel=True)``), are prioritized for use. The variable type is
   string and by default is ``tbb omp workqueue``, with the priority taken based
   on position from the left of the string, left most being the highest. Valid
   values are any permutation of the three choices (for more information about
   these see :ref:`the threading layer documentation <numba-threading-layer>.`)
```
Perhaps something along these lines to help clarify the priority ordering?
